---
layout: page
title: Advanced Grammar in Context
description: S-280 (Spring 2020)
date: 2020-01-08
img: /assets/img/5.jpg
importance: 1
---


<!-- Cal inline embed code begins -->
<div style="width:30%;height:100%;overflow:scroll;float:right" id="my-cal-inline"></div>
<script type="text/javascript">
(function (C, A, L) { let p = function (a, ar) { a.q.push(ar); }; let d = C.document; C.Cal = C.Cal || function () { let cal = C.Cal; let ar = arguments; if (!cal.loaded) { cal.ns = {}; cal.q = cal.q || []; d.head.appendChild(d.createElement("script")).src = A; cal.loaded = true; } if (ar[0] === L) { const api = function () { p(api, arguments); }; const namespace = ar[1]; api.q = api.q || []; typeof namespace === "string" ? (cal.ns[namespace] = api) && p(api, ar) : p(cal, ar); return; } p(cal, ar); }; })(window, "https://app.cal.com/embed/embed.js", "init");
Cal("init", {origin:"https://app.cal.com"});

Cal("inline", {
  elementOrSelector:"#my-cal-inline",
  calLink: "sarroniz/office-hours"
});

Cal("ui", {"styles":{"branding":{"brandColor":"#000000"}}});
</script>
<!-- Cal inline embed code ends -->

[Link to website](https://sarroniz.github.io/S-280/){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 }
<br>
<br>



**COURSE DESCRIPTION:**    

The main objective of S280 is to review the use of Spanish grammar in real and meaningful contexts through the exploration and discussion of contemporary issues in a variety of media (documentaries, fiction, music, poetry, theater, and journalism), fostering a direct connection between critical thinking and good oral and written expression in Spanish. The course focuses on class participation and discussion of the materials as well as on students’ comprehension and application of the most challenging grammatical structures in Spanish, expanding vocabulary, and improving oral and written skills. The course will be conducted entirely in Spanish.


**COURSE OBJECTIVES:**   

1. Review and master the most complex grammar elements of Spanish.
2. Expand vocabulary in Spanish.
3. Be able to read longer, more complex texts, including literary texts, on a variety of topics, identifying their use of grammar and other formal elements as well as both denotative and connotative meaning, images, etc.
4. Be able to think critically, discuss orally, and write well-structured essays about a variety of topics and contemporary issues in Spanish.


**REQUIRED MATERIALS:**   

Hertel, Tammy Jandrey and Stasie Harrington. _El cine documental. Spanish Language and Culture through Documentary Film._  Indianapolis, IN:  Hackett Publishing, 2016. Paperback Textbook.

